(music)
Hey, Rita.
I just checked your Instagram.
Did you go to Taitung this summer vacation?
Yes, I did.
My family and I visited my uncle there.
Cool!
Did you go to the beach?
Yes, we did.
The water there was blue and clean.
We went to the beach almost every day.
What else did you do there?
We went to a hot air balloon festival.
It was fun.
Nice.
What about you?
Did you enjoy your vacation?
Yes.
I went to Lukang and enjoyed my stay there.
Lukang?
What did you do there?
I joined a summer camp and
learned about the history of the town.
I shared old stories about the town with visitors at the temples.
You told stories about the town?
That’s really interesting.